Before our doors Else spirit stands. She wants a water.
We cant get any answers outta her.

From her hands, the tomb-sign (flowers/whatever) falls down.
We are taking a tombsign, (TASK "put a tombsign back")
ElseSpirit starts to go. We need to follow her. It stops at the crossroad.
Its our way now.We see several points on the map (they represent our memories.
Each memory should lead us closer to the  tomb, but theres should be multiple 
memories, which should be possible to complete in different order (?!)
Else spirit is thirsty on the way. Each memory makes us cry, but, since Else 
is passing away from thirst we are using our tears to "fuel" her on the way.
When we got to he tombstone, ELse passes for last time, she cries that she needs more water.

We can go tru the cave and we get to the puzzle.(!?) which will open doors that will lead us to the mansion.
or we can fight our way thru the main entrance.

We find out that mainBoss is too strong, and the only way how to win the battle 


Her Ghost could also phase in/out and bassed on the time we completed memories.
Possibility is if we dont give her water she goes mad and wants to kill/us kills us
we are dead.

----------


INT HOME
Evening 
We are hearing knocks on the door.
Before the doors is a ....

ENTITY
Do you have little bit of watter ?

PLAYER
(Give water)




INT HOME 
We are starting at home, bag prepared at the table
We have several dialogue options
We start in the dialogue.

M
I found this letter before our doors
(gives letter)
I don't know what it means, but maybe you should finally visit her.
Its been a year already.

LETTER
Your love is waiting, its hear-shaped leaves longing for the sun,
stonky fading, wating for the water.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXT broken shack
NARRATOR
Fireplace
One cold eavenng, you've made fire and grilled. Else got burrned a little.
Why someimes love hurts exactly like my arm now ?


Sitting near the water, admiring the sunset, darkness of her raven hairs, marně battling the
sunlight (paprsek). Sun exposed the scars on the backside of her hand. 
You grab her gently by her hand, asking "What happened to you ? 
She smiles
You will understand one day

Field of pampelisek
You've made a dandelion crown, for Else, she was wearing it, until it fallen off.
They are all white now, like old scars that left after the injury.




There was a tune when you fought over who will let the other first over the Bridge, and who loves more.
Good times.


That song which whenewer played, one of you cries and one of you laughs, when different memories flooded out,
on the suraface.

Her skin was like *letokruhy*. He handed you a knife one day.
What for ? You asked.
I need you to cut !
Why, I would do such a thing ?
You will make me scar, now, so you would remember to never scar me again.
Else...This...this is wrong.
Who are you to say what is right and whats wrong, the pain of the body is sweet song against the pain of the mind.





You fought. 




EXT GRAVYYARD
We are at the GravyYard visiting our dead love.
We came her to say goodbye to her.


I know, I know. I should let it go. But I just can't. One day, I will figure it all out, and than I will be free."

NARRATOR
"You are staring at the tomb, and you don't know what to say.<br><br>"

PLAYER
Eh..HI

NARRATOR
our throat is scretching. How to adress somebody who is dead ?"

PLAEYR
I still can't believe you are dead. We only found little bit of blood. But not the body. Never your body


PLAYER
Hello.  I really need to tell you something. I'm sorry for everithing bad I've sad. I wish we would have more<br>time together."



NARRATOR
Before the gate sits small boy, visibly shaking with fear. 
His eyes are firmly closed and hands locked together. With shaking voice he whispers the question...

...
NARRATOR
The boy grabs you by your hair before you get a chance to protest, and starts whispering.
Your soul feels uplifted, flying to new worlds that opened before your eyes.

We got our spirit vision


*We used SpiritVision*

KITTYKATIE
Hello, do you have some water, please ? I'm not even asking for freshy, tasty milk. I'm feeling so thirsty, like I'v been in the desert all day.
Wait, I'm at the desert. 2 by 2 meters of it. Silly me. I just need to get out of there.
But I need that water...please.


VS you need to kill my old owner

= Kittens in the circle playing silentPost - wants to kill us.


After the conversation, we got the twig to find more watter => we will find well with a body, and the ring ?! some connection to Brother/Father


--------------------------------------------------------------------------
In the cemetary, theres something like: 


KITTY
Thanks for the water.
Now, theres something else I need. I know something happened to me.


PLAYER 
I found old cellar key there

Kitty
I need you to take THIS, i just remembered something.
I have feeling its somehow connected to the cellar
(cat part/item found)


We found cellar key from mansion

FATHER GREGORY
I hate bones, I see them all the time.


PLAYER
Does this mean anything to you ?



FATHER GREGORY
Wh..Wh..Where you found it ?

PLAYER
I was looking for the well. I found it.
With SOMETHING inside.


PLAYER 
Did you killed her ?
    FATHER GREGORY
    I...I did. She..she struggled. (TODO - could this be part of the gameplay ?)
    I had to use my new spell, and turn her into cat to get rid of her. It was the only option.

   Than I could finish her off. She sad



   ====

   Water in the well

I need to ahower the flowers at the grave

Hmm, water from the flowers is gone, I don't belive, that flowers
are so thirsty...Something fishy going on there....

I can se the spirits now...maybe the boy is right about ghosts....

I found that this teritorial spirit cat drank the water and demands more.
Maybe she will just wanish if i will help her..


-----------------------------------------

         
 Hello, do you have some water, please ? I'm not even asking for freshy, tasty milk.
  I'm feeling so thirsty, like I'v been in the desert all day.<br>Wait, 
  I'm at the desert. 2 by 2 meters of it. Silly me. I just need to get out of there.<br>But I need that water...please                                   
 I need that water...please                                  
 I've found water. Hope its not too late                                
 Thanks you, my Man. Can I call you that ? I would call you master, but...y'a know, I have some cat-respect still        
 Anyway, You can use this twig, if you need to find a watersource                               
 Shhhh, meow. Tell me, what I wanna hear, my patience running out soon my dear                                  
 Shhhh, meow. Don't let me die by thirst, b'cause, you could die worst                                  
 Alright, alright, I'm on my way                               
 Thank you....my...m..m..my MASTER                               
 I'm sorry, I've got different things to do                             
 Alright, WIl bring some water                               




 TODO, we need to get tru the deathfog to the other side,to bargian for the soul ?!
  
FIND souljars
maybe we need to kill somebody inocennt to trade his soul for hers